Feature/issue 549 android 14 (#550)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Integration Basics - Java/index.md

    super.onCreate();
    //...
    if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.O) {
        try {
            NotificationChannel channel = new NotificationChannel("channelId", "channelName", NotificationManager.IMPORTANCE_DEFAULT);
            NotificationManager notificationManager = (NotificationManager) getSystemService(Context.NOTIFICATION_SERVICE);
            if (notificationManager != null) {
                notificationManager.createNotificationChannel(channel);
                Notification serviceNotification = new Notification.Builder(this, channel.getId())
                        .setContentTitle(...)
                        .setSmallIcon(...)
                        .setContentText(...)
                        .setChannelId(channel.getId())
                        .build();
                startForeground(FOREGROUND_SERVICE_ID, serviceNotification);
            }
        } catch (Exception e) {

>             // This should only catch for TCP connections on Android 14+ due to needing
>             // permissions for ForegroundServiceType ConnectedDevice that don't make sense for
>             // a TCP connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // This should only occur when using TCP connections on Android 14+ due to needing
            // specific connected devices for permissions regarding ForegroundServiceType 
            // ConnectedDevice that where a TCP connection doesn't apply
```

>             // ConnectedDevice that where a TCP connection doesn't apply

Reviewer 2: Should "that" be removed from this line?

#### Starting SdlService

We want to start your `SdlService` when an SDL connection is made via the `SdlRouterService`. We do this by taking action in the `onSdlEnabled` method. Depending on which API levels your application supports, there are up to four ways that you may need to add logic for starting your service:

Android UPSIDE_DOWN_CAKE and greater

```java
PendingIntent pendingIntent = (PendingIntent) intent.getParcelableExtra(TransportConstants.PENDING_INTENT_EXTRA);
if (pendingIntent != null) {
    if (Build.VERSION.SDK_INT >= Build.VERSION_CODES.UPSIDE_DOWN_CAKE) {
        if (!AndroidTools.hasForegroundServiceTypePermission(context)) {
            DebugTool.logInfo(TAG, "Permission missing for ForegroundServiceType connected device." + context);
            return;
        }
    }
    try {
        pendingIntent.send(context, 0, intent);
    } catch (PendingIntent.CanceledException e) {
        e.printStackTrace();
    }
}
```

Android S and greater

```java
if (intent.getParcelableExtra(TransportConstants.PENDING_INTENT_EXTRA) != null) {

>     PendingIntent pendingIntent = (PendingIntent) intent.getParcelableExtra(TransportConstants.PENDING_INTENT_EXTRA);

Reviewer: I think this needs its whitespace corrected.
